Welcome!
In this program, we will update you
on the situation
of our brothers and sisters
around the world
who are imprisoned for their faith.
But first, here’s an update
about this year’s convention.
In some parts of the world,
the “Declare the Good News!”
Regional Conventions
are now underway.
It’s a beautiful program.
Let’s hear from a few
who recently attended.
A lot of the friends
have made incredible sacrifices
to support the convention here.
Well, I had to negotiate time off of work.
We also had to ask for leave from school.
We got up really early.
Every effort you make is definitely worth it.
You can’t put a price on being here.
We get to see brothers
that we don’t often get to see.
Also, when you’re here,
you get the hugs.
I love hugs.
A virtual hug is OK.
A real hug is better.
There’s a big difference
between being here in person
and watching online.
It’s so much more alive.
I love the singing.
There’s a power that resonates
from the audience
when we’re all singing together.
That really strengthens us
and gives us a boost.
Also, it’s been incredible
that we get to see Episode 1
of The Good News According to Jesus.
The next time you do your Bible reading,
you really can picture these beautiful moments
and see how important they were.
What impressed me
is that I’ve read all of those verses
that were highlighted and never ever
—not one time—did I get emotional.
But it brought it to life today,
and I did get emotional.
You feel like you’re there.
These spiritual feasts enrich us
and strengthen us spiritually.
I think I want to come to this convention
three or four times.
For me, there’s no better place
than being among
a group of Jehovah’s people.
Every time I’m reminded
of what a beautiful,
huge spiritual family we’re a part of.
It brings us so much joy
to be with our brothers and sisters!
You just don’t want to miss it.
We encourage all of you to endeavor
to attend the convention in person.
By doing so, you will
not only benefit from the program
but also receive much encouragement
from associating with many dear friends
—perhaps even some
whom you haven’t seen for some time.
Of course, we understand
that those limited by age and health
may have to tune in
to the streaming program.
This year, a real highlight
will be the 15 special conventions
that are scheduled.
The first was held
on the weekend of June 7-9
on the island of Guadeloupe.
Brothers Jeff Winder and Clive Martin
had the privilege to serve the convention.
Delegates came from 11 lands,
and there was a peak attendance
of 8,602.
On Saturday, 74 were baptized.
We rejoice to see the love and unity
of our international brotherhood!
Now, for the rest of this program,
we want to update you on the situation
of our brothers and sisters
who are imprisoned for their faith.
This will help all of us
to follow the wise direction
at Hebrews 13:3,
which says:
“Keep in mind those in prison,
“as though you were imprisoned with them,
“and those being mistreated,
since you yourselves
also are in the body.”
As of June 17,
there are over 199 brothers and sisters
imprisoned for their faith.
Where are they?
There are 9 imprisoned in Crimea,
39 in Eritrea, 8 in Singapore,
and over 17 in other lands.
The largest number
of imprisoned brothers and sisters
is in Russia,
where there are 126.
What about South Korea?
Although our brothers there
are no longer routinely imprisoned
for neutrality,
they’re enduring
a harsh form of alternative service.
They’re required to serve for three years
and to live and work exclusively in prisons.
Brother Mark Sanderson
recently visited
two groups of brothers at prisons
where they’re carrying out
their alternative service.
We hope that this situation
will improve in the future.
And we continue to pray
for these faithful brothers
and their families.
Sometimes we might think
that only brothers
are imprisoned around the world.
But we actually have 12 sisters in Eritrea
who are in prison for their faith.
And there are eight sisters in Russia
who are in prison because of their faith.
These dear sisters
need our continued prayers.
Also, many brothers and sisters
are enduring long prison sentences
and, at times,
even physical mistreatment.
This was recently the case
for Brother Rinat Kiramov in Russia.
In April 2024,
several prisoners demanded
that our brother reveal the names
of other Jehovah’s Witnesses.
But he courageously refused!
In turn, the prisoners
beat and tortured him for four days,
even using a taser.
We continue to pray for Brother Kiramov
and all 199 brothers and sisters
who are imprisoned for their faith.
And we don’t forget their families either.
The faith and integrity
of our imprisoned brothers and sisters
remind us of the words of Romans 12:21:
“Do not let yourself
be conquered by the evil,
but keep conquering
the evil with the good.”
Yes, they’re enduring opposition
and severe tests of faith.
But they’ve not let themselves
be conquered by it.
Rather, they “keep conquering
the evil with the good.”
We truly love and respect
these dear brothers and sisters.
It’s interesting
that as our brothers and sisters
endure these hardships,
they often have unique opportunities
to share the good news.
That was the case
for dozens of Witnesses
in the city of Birobidzhan, Russia.
Back in 2018,
officials raided 22 homes
—all on the same day.
As you watch the following video,
notice how our brothers and sisters
gave a good witness
and maintained their joy.
How did they “keep conquering
the evil with the good”?
Early in the morning of May 17, 2018,
we were woken up
by a loud knock on the door.
Through the door, I asked, “Who’s there?”
They said, “It’s the police.”
Of course, we felt very stressed.
Naturally, we started praying
silently to Jehovah.
Later, we learned that this operation
was given the name Judgment Day
and that about
150 officers were involved.
When a criminal case was initiated,
all my accounts were frozen.
I had to go to various banks.
When the staff would see me
coming through the door,
they greeted me with,
“Oh, ‘our little extremist’ has come”
and gave me a friendly smile.
One of the times when I was going
to the FSB for interrogation,
I called a taxi.
The taxi driver asked:
“What is this address?
Where are you going?”
I said, “It’s the FSB building.”
He asked, “Are you going to work?”
I said, “No, not to work;
I’m going there for interrogation.”
He couldn’t believe it.
He got very confused.
I was able to tell him
that I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses
and that a criminal case
had been initiated against me for my faith.
A few days later,
I went back to the FSB office
and called another taxi.
To my surprise, the same car arrived
with the same driver.
And on this trip,
I was able to tell him in more detail
which prophecies are recorded
in the Bible on this subject
and we had a good conversation.
When we went for interrogations,
we wanted to show the investigators
by our behavior, words, and kindness
that we are not extremists
—that Jehovah’s Witnesses
are kind, sympathetic people.
At the end of the investigation,
we decided to make them cards.
We tried to say nice things to everyone.
We mentioned their good, kind points.
The lawyer said
that he was very worried
and added: “I see that you
are good people, and people like you
“shouldn’t be in prison.
“I’m sure that your God
will help you but,
“please, Artur,
do not deviate from this path.
Stay firm to the end.”
When our trial began,
we four sisters
ended up before the same judge.
She was very prejudiced
and negative toward us.
She interrupted us,
she pointed out that we’re uneducated,
and she humiliated us
in every possible way.
And at some point, we wondered,
‘Jehovah brought us here to witness,
but how can we witness to a person
who won’t let us say anything?’
We decided to pray to Jehovah
for him to soften her heart
so that we might eventually
give a good witness to her.
We also made an effort
to be tactful and polite.
We always greeted her.
I resolved to express kindness
by my tone of voice,
my words, and my face.
And at one point, something happened.
Things started to go completely differently.
She started listening to us and greeting us.
While we were watching
the video recordings
of our meetings in court,
the judge was making notes.
And then she asked,
“Where did he read it from?”
At first, out of fear, I couldn’t remember.
Then I said, “From the Bible.”
She said, “That’s obvious;
but from where in the Bible did he read?”
I told her, “From Job.”
She said, “What?”
I said, “Job.”
She asked again, “What?”
Now my lawyer said, “Job.”
She said, “Oh, Job” and wrote it down.
And I added, “42:10.”
When she read the verdict,
she even asked several times,
“Irina, am I pronouncing
the name of God correctly?”
I prayed to Jehovah, saying:
“Jehovah, today is the judgment.
I want your name to be glorified today.”
I said: “Jehovah, please let the judge
“pronounce your name
correctly ten times
and put the stress in the correct place,”
because she had a problem with that.
And what do you think?
By the end of the judgment,
she had pronounced
God’s name correctly ten times!
When I was sentenced,
I was met by many friends.
There were a lot of people,
and I was given a lot of flowers.
A woman came up to me
with two of her friends.
Smiling, she asked me:
“Tell me, please,
“what’s the occasion?
You look so beautiful!”
I smiled at her and said, “You know,
I’m one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
and I was  given a two-and-a-half-year
suspended sentence today.”
She and her friends were smiling,
and they just froze.
I work from home, so when my clients came
and saw so many flowers,
they asked: “Where did they come from?
What was the occasion?”
And, of course,
it gave me the opportunity
to say that the “big occasion”
is having such loving brothers and sisters.
Of the 23 brothers and sisters
who were prosecuted,
4 were taken into custody
and are now serving time in a penal colony.
We found out that our husbands
were going to be transported,
so we went to the station
to see them off.
On the train they were asked,
“Who were all the people
who came to see you?”
Some wondered
if it was some kind of support group.
The brothers were being taken to prison,
yet this group was rejoicing
and singing songs.
Looking back, I feel truly grateful,
because it was not easy,
but Jehovah
sustained us throughout the trial.
But there was a moment when I felt
that my faith was weakening,
and I asked Artur,
“Why don’t I feel supported?”
And Artur helped me a lot.
He said: “That you—
“That you are enduring,
this is Jehovah’s support.
“You have not renounced him.
You have not forsaken him.
And that tells you that he’s with you.”
That brief thought
strengthened my faith,
and I realized that at that moment
Satan was putting pressure on my faith
and that I needed
to strengthen my faith not only in Jehovah
but also in Jehovah’s presence
in difficult situations.
Satan wants to steal our joy.
But that’s impossible because joy
belongs to Jehovah
—he owns it.
Then what does Satan do?
He wants to hide this joy from us
so that we don’t see it.
But Jehovah
—as a good, reliable Friend—
has always helped us
to see reasons for joy.
They wanted to silence us
so that we wouldn’t talk
about Jehovah anymore.
But in reality, they gave us
even more opportunities
to talk about God’s name.
Don’t you just love their zeal and joy?
They’re determined to keep preaching
and to keep their integrity!
They had unique opportunities
to give a witness.
And they relied on Jehovah to do so.
Of course, we know
that all of you brothers and sisters
are facing challenges
of one sort or another.
I’m sure that hearing these experiences
will encourage and motivate all of us
to keep relying on Jehovah
and to keep preaching,
no matter what challenges we face.
Yes, with Jehovah’s help,
we can “keep conquering
the evil with the good.”
Brothers and sisters,
let’s “keep in mind those in prison,
as though [we] were [in prison] with them.”
We’re so proud of all of you
for your endurance and your zeal.
We love you all very much.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.